JWT is JSON Web Token.

Mostly used for securing REST APIs.

Best way to communicate with client and server effectively.

JWT Follows a stateless authentication mechanism( Dont need to store anything in the server).




JWT Has three parts:
1) Header(x) : Algorithm and type of token (JWT)
2) Payload(y) : Data of claimer(User data)
3) Signature(z) : Encoded Header + Encoded Payload + Signature

x.y.z : this is a json web token, and we send this to the client.

* in initial step we try to login, we get assigned a token and we store it. we can store
it in localStorage.
* now we use that token , by sending it in header to secured API everytime
and then filter will  validate it and check if valid or not etc.




Steps to implement JWT:
* Add jwt dependency
* Create JWT Authentication entry point implements AuthenticationEntryPoint(Interface),
this method will be called whenever Exception is thrown due to unauthorised user
trying to authenticate and access API which requires authentication.
It is invoked when authentication fails or when an unauthenticated
user tries to access a protected resource.
* JWT Token Helper : it has many methods for token related operations.
 like generate token, validate token, expired or not.
* JWT Authentication Filter:  extends OnceRequestFilter.
                    before API Reaches server, this filter will sit in between.
                    we can check here like, does this request have header or not, etc.

                    1) Get JWT Token from response
                    2) validate token
                    3) get user from token
                    4) load user associated with token
                    5) set spring security (set authentication -> Spring security).


* Create JWT Auth response : token, user details etc.(Data which we send in response basically).
* Configure JWT in Security Config.
* Create Login API To return token. : thats it, if correct username and password then token will be
 returned otherwise it will throw exception.
* test application.











